# postProcessPython
This is a collection of post processing modules for Gerris and Basilisk C

Drop Spitting:
OneGraph.py
Similar to fieldExtraction but here, I plot two different simulation contours together to compare (at a given time)


Drop_Pool:
velocityVectors_drop.py: Showing velocity vectors inside the drop.
veloPhaseC.py: Showing phase contours and velocity streamlines side by side.

fieldGFS:
fieldExtraction_v1.py
This is a verbatim transformation of MATLAB post-processing code to python. The earlier version can be found here: https://github.com/VatsalSy/FluidChians/tree/master/PostProcessing

fieldExtraction_v2.py
The only (major) difference comes in the removal of meshgrid function. Instead, the function "gettingfield" also returns the values of X and Y. The initial mesh is formed by using linear x and y vectors.


imagesAfterSIm
GenerateImages2.sh: A shell script to render a image from a .gfs file with view specifications of a .gfv
Gfs-batch.py: A python script to automate the process of making images!

JanusDrops:
fieldGfs2plot.py Take a .gfs file, extract scalar fields and plot contours.
fieldGfs2plotv1.py: Change from the above file: The drop on the left is kept at (0,0) at all time steps!
fieldGfs2txt.py: Take a .gfs file, extract the fields and write them in a .txt file.
fieldTxt2plot.py: Extract data from the above .txt file and plot contours!
fieldTxtBasilisk2plot.py: Take the .txt file generated by Basilisk using output_field() command and plot contours.
